Who the hell let you in?
The Chengguoyuan Antique Conference is held by your family
They're not letting us in yet.
Don't forget the last bet
Poor what
I said I don't know you two yet.
What kind of method did the bit use to get in?
It's not a gamble at all
Also
There is a doctor
I think you two are really shameless too
Who did you say got in?
Say you little bitch
Ah!
Poor people, what are you?
Dare to scold me for a drink
One more word of nonsense
Knock out your teeth
Okay, you kid make me better than you, don't even think about it
OK
I won't do it either
Who dares to take revenge at the Ancient Plains Conference?
It's that they want the two of you to infiltrate the antique convention
And beat me to drag you out and break your legs